Replace .NET Framework 3.5 tokens (#15785)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/samples/externalized-policy-activity-in-net-framework-4-5.md

---
# Externalized Policy Activity in .NET Framework 4.5

> This sample demonstrates how the ExternalizedPolicy4 activity allows executing existing .NET Framework version 3.5 Windows Workflow Foundation (WF 3.5) <xref:System.Workflow.Activities.Rules.RuleSet> objects in [!INCLUDE[netfx_current_long](../../../../includes/netfx-current-long-md.md)] Windows Workflow Foundation (WF 4.5) directly by using the rules engine that is shipped in WF 3.5. By using this activity, you can open and execute any existing WF 3.5 <xref:System.Workflow.Activities.Rules.RuleSet>. For more information about WF 3.5 Rules Engine included as part of Windows Workflow Foundation, please read [Introduction to the Windows Workflow Foundation Rules Engine](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=166079). For more information about migrating rules to [!INCLUDE[wf1](../../../../includes/wf1-md.md)] in [!INCLUDE[netfx_current_short](../../../../includes/netfx-current-short-md.md)], please read the migration guidance at [Migration Guidance](../migration-guidance.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how the ExternalizedPolicy4 activity allows executing existing .NET Framework 3.5 Windows Workflow Foundation (WF 3.5) <xref:System.Workflow.Activities.Rules.RuleSet> objects in [!INCLUDE[netfx_current_long](../../../../includes/netfx-current-long-md.md)] Windows Workflow Foundation (WF 4.5) directly by using the rules engine that is shipped in WF 3.5. By using this activity, you can open and execute any existing WF 3.5 <xref:System.Workflow.Activities.Rules.RuleSet>. For more information about WF 3.5 Rules Engine included as part of Windows Workflow Foundation, please read [Introduction to the Windows Workflow Foundation Rules Engine](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=166079). For more information about migrating rules to [!INCLUDE[wf1](../../../../includes/wf1-md.md)] in [!INCLUDE[netfx_current_short](../../../../includes/netfx-current-short-md.md)], see the [Migration Guidance](../migration-guidance.md).
```
